---
layout: post
title: Moving to Jekyll
---

I had been using Rails to run my site for a few years now. I love Rails. I use
it daily. I even wrote a [blogging gem](https://github.com/carpeliam/governor)
for it, which has attracted a small to moderate number of users, largely due
to a mention on the [Ruby5 podcast](http://ruby5.envylabs.com/) 2 years ago
during RailsConf. At the time, I thought it was really important that Rails
developers use Rails tools.

But I'm not a Rails developer: I'm a full-stack developer. I still love
Rails&ndash;I still use it daily&ndash;but I use JavaScript and a host of
other tools on a daily basis as well, and as much fun as it would be to port a
blogging gem to node.js... actually, I don't think I'd enjoy that at all.
Sure, it might be an interesting exercise, but there are much more interesting
things to use node for, and much more interesting things to do with my time.
So when Rails 3.1 came out, and my blog app broke, I couldn't bring myself to
invest time in upgrading it... I wasn't even sure if it made sense in the
Rails ecosystem anymore. And, as it turns out, there are much simpler systems
I can use.

Jekyll is such a system. Rather than running on top of Rails, it's a static
site generator that accepts blog posts written in markdown/textile. Which
suits me fine, because the blog aspect of my site was the only dynamic part of
it. Everything else was done through JavaScript and web services.

So for the time being, all of my old articles are missing. Soon, I hope to
import my old articles into Jekyll. I'm hoping though that the flexibility of
being able to edit articles in an offline editor will allow me to write more
often as well. We'll see how it goes.
