---
layout: post
title: The "I want to know stuff" board
---

I was talking with a co-worker a few weeks ago about the process for learning
new technologies that are on the fringe of what we know now&hellip; say, for
example, what new Backbone.js-based frameworks are out there
([Marionette](http://marionettejs.com/), [Chaplin](http://chaplinjs.org/),
[Thorax](http://thoraxjs.org/) &ndash; which to choose?). I was thinking it'd be
great if there was some board somewhere where we could write what we're
interested in learning, and other people could tag on their name as if to say "I
want to know that too!", and then anybody else who already knew about these
things could put themselves down as a source for the information, or could get
in touch with the people who wanted to know stuff. This would be a public
declaration that you're trying to learn a technology, which would hopefully help
spur the would-be learner, as well as perhaps spur other people to learn more as
well.

Immediately after coming up with the idea, we turned it into action by taking
the nearest whiteboard (right next to my desk in our lab) and turning it into
the official department-wide "I want to know stuff" board. So far, about five
people have added something they'd like to learn more about. I'm currently
marked down as wanting to learn more about [Google Chrome
Workspaces](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVSo4buDAEE) and
[Ember.js](http://emberjs.com/), and that last one has sparked a "Me too!" from
one of our interns. This triggered the possibility of her working on an Ember
proof-of-concept with me in a few weeks, which is exactly what the board was
designed to produce: better learning outcomes through public declarations of
interest.

This is a social experiment, there are no rules, and it's probably too early to
say if it'll continue to be successful. That being said, I think it helps
emphasize a culture of learning and furthering one's personal professional
development goals, and I'm happy to see where this goes for as long as it lasts.
